
 
# Download Windows 10 ISO File ( Direct Links ) [64-bit/ 32-bit]

Do you need need to download Windows 10 ISO, you are at the right place. The direct successor to Windows 8.1, Windows 10, repaired a lot of damage done by the 8 series.

It was initially available as a free upgrade from the debacle of Windows 8.

In less than three years of its release, Windows 10 managed to surpass records of all other Windows operating systems with over a billion installs.

It became Microsoft’s most successful operating system. You can download Windows 10 files for free through their official servers.

There are three legal ways to download Windows 10 ISO files from the official servers, which have been discussed in this article.

You can start with the direct links for the operating system and then proceed to the Microsoft website if the latest version is required.

Their primary method through media creation tool for existing Windows users comes in handy for creating bootable USB/DVD for installation.

### Table Of Contents

Download Windows 10 ISO (Home and Pro Edition)
```

https://www.techworm.net/2022/08/download-windows-10-iso.html#Download_Windows_10_ISO_Home_and_Pro_Edition

```
Download Windows 10 ISO (62 or 32-bit) through the Official Microsoft site

```
https://www.techworm.net/2022/08/download-windows-10-iso.html#Download_Windows_10_ISO_62_or_32-bit_through_the_Official_Microsoft_site

```

## Download Windows 10 ISO (Home and Pro Edition)

Below we have provided different ways to download Windows 10 ISO files, select the version you are looking for and direct download them.

## Windows 10 ISO Download Direct link

The ISO file contains the following Windows 10 versions:

Here are the direct links to download Windows 10 ISO for free without filling out a form or signing up for an account. All Windows 10 files have been sourced directly from Microsoft servers.

Update – The links to download Windows 10 have been updated.

Update 2 – The links have been updated again.







Update 3 – We have updated the links again for Windows 10 ISO.

Update 4– We have updated with download links for Windows 10 x64 22H2 version.
